Welcome to Money Diaries, where we're tackling what might be the last taboo facing modern working women: money. We're asking millennial women how they spend their hard-earned money during a seven-day period — and we're tracking every last dollar. (Thanks, New York mag, for the inspiration.) 

Today, a protein-conscious publisher falling into Netflix black holes.Industry: PublishingAge: 27Location: New York, NY Salary: $80,000Paycheck Amount (2x a month): $1,590, after taxes# of roommates: 3

Monthly ExpensesRent: $1,100Utilities: $21.22Internet: $11.24ClassPass membership: $130Transportation: $116 MetroCard 

Day One7:30 a.m. — Early morning BFX barre class before work. Covered under my ClassPass membership. I usually try to take around 25 classes per month, so the cost per class is low and I get to mix up my workouts. 

10 a.m. — Breakfast is a hard-boiled egg. I usually make a batch at the beginning of the week to nosh on for the rest of the week. It’s the perfect little pop of protein.

11 a.m. — Ginger tea with honey. I always keep an assortment of tea in the office for a nice pick-me-up and to save on trips to the coffee shop. 

12 p.m. — I make a quick trip to the office café and grab a pack of Doritos Cooler Ranch chips — my guilty pleasure — and I enjoy every last crunchy bite of it. $1.25 

3 p.m. — Lunch of tofu, quinoa, and bok choy, and Greek yogurt, blueberries, and honey. I usually cook bulk meals on Sundays and bring it to work on Mondays to last me most of the week. 

5 p.m. — My company hosts a free movie screening for all employees. Bonus: Free popcorn.

7 p.m. — Post-movie barbecue dinner with friends. $9.96

10 p.m. —I’m in a Netflix black hole and get lost in House of Cards and cookie-butter ice cream at my boyfriend’s apartment.

Daily Total: $11.21Day Two9:30 a.m. — Breakfast is another hard-boiled egg and Irish soda bread a coworker made.

10:30 a.m. — A hot cup of peach tea to continue a relaxing morning. 

12:30 p.m. — I remember it’s pay day and since it’s the second of the month, 100% goes into my savings account. I’m savings-minded, so I aim to save around 50% of my salary each month and max out my 401(k) and HSA. I don’t put hard limits on my spending, but take small steps to save money by cooking myself, price comparing, and buying stuff that’s on sale. 

1 p.m. — Lunch of quinoa, bok choy, and tofu.

3 p.m. — A coworker and I trek to a lovely bakery for an afternoon snack. We both enjoy the best almond croissants New York has to offer. Worth the high price tag. $4

4 p.m. — I have a backpacking trip planned in a few weeks and buy some merino-wool leggings for the trip. They’ll wear well and are a steal at more than 75% off. $21.40

6 p.m. — Getting my workout in at Physique 57 barre. Covered under my ClassPass membership. 

7:30 p.m. — My body is screaming for protein, so I quickly eat leftover roasted chicken from last night’s dinner and wolf down an apple courtesy of Physique 57. 

8:30 p.m. — Spend the rest of the night at my friend’s, who is hosting a game night. She provides food and we indulge in cake and shakes. 

Daily Total: $25.40Day Three9:30 a.m. — Purchase a Groupon deal for a $50 Target gift card for $40. Also get cash back via a deals site. I’m planning ahead a bit and will definitely be using this when I’m back home in the suburbs. $37

10 a.m. — Purchase new prescription glasses through Warby Parker for $95, insurance pays 100% of the cost. 

10:30 a.m. — Finally get to breakfast after my morning shopping spree and eat a hard-boiled egg and clementines. Why are clementines so tiny and delicious?

12:30 p.m. — Lunch of quinoa, bok choy, and tofu, and two more clementines. Again, why so yummy?

1:30 p.m. — Quick cup of ginger tea with honey between meetings. 

4 p.m. — I’m menu planning for next week and pick up some wheat berries from Whole Foods. The bulk section is a great go-to place to grab healthy and fairly priced grains. The total cost is $1.10 for a pound, but I don’t take a bag and get a discount. Win-win, helping myself and the environment. $1

5:30 p.m. — I end the workweek with a Pure Barre class. Covered under my ClassPass membership. 

7 p.m. — Catch up with my best friend and boyfriend during a dinner at a new restaurant that just opened. We are all savings-minded, so fancier dinners occur maybe twice a month vs. weekly. $10.89
Daily Total: $48.89Day Four8:30 a.m. — I have no idea why I’m not sleeping in, but I drag my butt to an early morning class at Barre3 and have an awesome instructor. Best part is I have most of the morning ahead of me. Covered under my ClassPass membership. 

10 a.m.— I beat the long lines and make a weekly Trader Joe's run for groceries. I grab turkey, rice cakes, spinach, apples, greek yogurt, cereal, bananas, and blueberries. $31.14

12 p.m. — I make a quick lunch of rice cakes with almond butter, strawberries, and two eggs for a little additional protein. 

1:30 p.m. — I’m going to a family party with my boyfriend, so we pick up a cake on the way to Grand Central Station and split the price. $9

2:30 p.m. — We take the train to Connecticut and I promptly fall asleep after my early morning. Yay for quick naps, especially in preparation for a family softball game, barbecue, and making s’mores over a campfire. $12.50

10:30 p.m. — We luck out and catch a ride with a cousin back to NYC. 

Daily Total: $52.64Day Five1:30 p.m. — Today is a rest day, so I sleep in and have lunch at a yummy Japanese restaurant with my boyfriend. We split the bill. $16.50

2:30 p.m. — Help! We’ve fallen into another Netflix black hole. This time, Daredevil steals a huge chunk of our afternoon.

7:30 p.m. — Sushi dinner with my amazing roommates. We order pickup at the joint next to our apartment and gossip over miso soup and maki rolls. $10.34
Daily Total: $26.84Day Six10 a.m. — Cheerios for breakfast.

1 p.m. — My lunch is leftovers of rice and fried chicken from Sunday’s lunch and a snack of Greek yogurt, blueberries, and honey. 

5:30 p.m. — Challenging workout at ChaiseFitness. The instructor is tough about form and I’m all for that. Covered under my ClassPass membership. 

7:30 p.m. — I didn't get to cook yesterday, so I make a batch of turkey meatballs and wheat berries for lunch this week. I make a mental note to pick up onions and garlic. 

8 p.m. — I have a hodgepodge dinner of rice cakes with almond butter, strawberries, and a banana, and some meatballs. 

Daily Total: $0Day 79:30 a.m. —Purchase socks for my boyfriend and some mascara. I use a gift card to pay for the $28.03 purchase and also get a $10 gift card for a future purchase in addition to cash back.

10 a.m. — Cheerios for breakfast.

12:30 p.m. — Lunch from home of turkey meatballs, glass noodles, and steamed vegetables.

1:30 p.m. — Lemon and ginger tea with honey. 

2:30 p.m. — Slice up some apples and snack on them with peanut butter. Tip: Whole Foods has a new app and it sometimes offers free gifts with purchase. The peanut butter, priced around $5, was free with a $10 purchase. 

6 p.m. — Flex barre class. It’s cardio-based and kicks my butt. 

7:30 p.m. —I make myself a green drink and eat some meatballs, eggs, and fruit for dinner. 

Daily Total: $0Money Diaries are meant to reflect individual women’s experiences and do not necessarily reflect Refinery29’s point of view. Refinery29 in no way encourages illegal activity or harmful behavior. The first step to getting your financial life in order is tracking what you spend — to try on your own, check out our guide to managing your money every day. For more money diaries, click here.Have a money diary you'd like to share? Send it to us at https://you.refinery29.com/submit-money-diary.