Welcome to Money Diaries, where we're tackling what might be the last taboo facing modern working women: money. We're asking millennials how they spend their hard-earned money during a seven-day period — and we're tracking every last dollar.Want even more Money Diaries, plus $$$ advice from a kick-ass, all-female team of financial advisors, and tips on how to save more than $500? Pick up our new book: Money Diaries! Order here!Today: a flight attendant who makes $50,000 per year and spends some of her money this week on a new Apple Watch band.Occupation: Flight AttendantIndustry: AviationAge: 27Location: NYCSalary: $50,000Paycheck Amount (Biweekly): $990 (varies depending on my hours)Monthly ExpensesRent: $900 for my room in a two-bedroom apartmentStudent Loan Payment: $0 (Thanks to scholarships.)Hulu & Spotify: $12.99Cable: $0 (Thanks, Mom and Dad.)Health/Dental Insurance: $40Gym: $10Phone: $75Savings: $100 Donation To Girls Club Of Lower East Side: $25 (I know it's not much, but hey, it's something.)Annual ExpensesAmazon Prime: $99/yearDay One7 a.m. — Today is my day off, which is much needed. My schedule is insane, and it's rare that I have time for myself. I made plans with a friend today, so I get up early to go to the gym for some cardio beforehand. When I get home, I shower and wash my hair. I need to buy a new hair mask — I'm currently transitioning to curly hair after YEARS of heat damage, so my hair needs all the TLC it can get. I get ready to go outside while watching Cheaters on VH1 (don't judge me) and get so caught up that I'm late. I power walk to a coffee shop nearby and pick up a large iced latte with oat milk to try something new ($5.50). I honestly can't taste the difference between oat and soy milk, so I probably won't be trying it again. I take the subway using my preloaded card while reading Tell Me Lies — so far, so good. NYC is having a heat wave, and I made the horrible mistake of not bringing water with me, so I go buy some ($2). $7.5012 p.m. — I meet up with my friend, and we catch up while heading to Madewell. We get there and all the summer stuff is on sale (YASS), so I get shorts and a top ($75). I have to buy as much summer clothing as I can, since I'm planning to go to the Dominican Republic for the holidays. We walk to Strand, and my friend recommends I pick up Meet Me in the Bathroom. I check the back and all I see is The Strokes, LCD Soundsystem, and The Yeah Yeahs, and I'm sold. I use a Strand gift card my sister gifted me. $755 p.m. — After all the shopping, we head over to Liquiteria for smoothies. I get the Mudslide and a green juice to take home ($22). I check my work email and see I've been assigned to cover for a coworker on an 8 a.m. flight to Madrid tomorrow, and then I have back-to-back flights after that. I need as much sleep as I can get, so I say goodbye to my friend and a request a Lyft home ASAP ($14). I forgot to stop by Sephora to pick up a hair mask, so when I get home I order the Bridgeo Repair Don't Despair mask plus a Farmacy Honey Potion Renewing Antioxidant Hydration Mask for my face ($90). I set my alarm and go to sleep. $126Daily Total: $208.50Day Two5 a.m. — I wake up, shower, and get ready. My coffee starts brewing while I put on my makeup. As part of the cabin crew, I have to wear "natural makeup" and can only have red or nude nail polish. (It's a bit sexist, no?) I grab my bag and a yogurt and pour my coffee into my thermos. I request a Lyft — the airline covers it when I'm covering for someone, so I expense it. My Lyft arrives and I eat my yogurt in the car while listening to a new podcast — "Why Won't You Date Me?" It's hilarious and relatable.8 a.m. — I get to JFK and quickly get a latte from Starbucks ($7). People think that as a flight attendant you get to see the world, which is true, but you're also working, so you may hop off an eight-hour flight just to sleep and hop on another one in the morning. When we board the flight to Madrid, I notice an elderly lady looking very freaked out, so I walk over to her and talk to her to calm her down a bit. She's anxious because her daughter is a few rows behind and she is terrified of planes. I talk to the passenger next to her daughter into a seat swap for free drinks, and he agrees. Yes! $73 p.m. — I'm in Madrid and I hop on the free shuttle to the hotel for some much needed sleep. I'll be on a flight back to JFK tomorrow morning, so I have a few hours here. I call my parents and my mom tells me she is buying new glasses — I love that she's getting new glasses so much that I Venmo her $100 to put towards them. I'm exhausted, so I take a nap. $1007 p.m. — I wake up and see that I have 50 messages from the group chat I have with coworkers. Apparently we're all meeting up in the city for drinks. I tend to be an introvert, but I've been trying to put myself out there, so I get ready and go. We meet up and I have two beers. It's all great until someone asks why I don't have a boyfriend. I don't understand why that's a necessary question. Isn't that rude? I leave and hop on the metro. When I get to my room, I fall asleep. $13Daily Total: $120Day Three8 p.m. — Work was draining, and the people on my flight to NYC weren't exactly the friendliest, since the flight was delayed. I understand, but it's not my fault. I get to my apartment door and I see my Sephora package. I'm starving and waaaay too tired to cook, so I order Malaysian food ($17.18). I shower, throw on comfy PJs, and turn on the A/C. When my food arrives I watch Random Acts of Flyness on HBO. It's soooooo good, so I just set my DVR to record all future episodes. $17.1812 a.m. — My sleeping schedule is horrible, so I'm wide awake and trying to read to fall asleep. I take a break and check my Instagram, where I keep seeing nonstop ads for the Quip toothbrush. I decide to just give in — they have a "limited edition" pink brush, so of course I get it, along with refills ($46.09). I'm still wide awake, so before I buy anymore crap, I take melatonin and then voila! I'm fast asleep. $46.09Daily Total: $63.27Day Four10 a.m. — I wake up super sick, which has been happening a lot since I started working this job. While I'm getting ready, I vomit. I email my boss, and take the day off. I wipe off the fancy clown paint I had already applied on my face and change back into my PJs. I make tea and listen to Grimes while lying in my death bed. I also browse Amazon and buy a new black band for my Apple watch. $10.991 p.m. — I just requested the rest of the week off. I'm physically drained, and my body needs the rest. This month has taken a toll on me, and I've only had one day off. Even though I'm sick, I gather all my laundry and drop it off at the laundromat ($22). I then walk over to Walgreens to get NyQuil and a six-pack of La Croix ($15). $376 p.m. — Since I'm too sick to go out, I decide to rent a movie. Molly's Game is the $0.99 movie of the week on iTunes, so I check it out. It's insane  — I just keep saying "omg" aloud. I wish I knew it was a book before I saw the movie! After it's over, I start to plan out a trip to London for my birthday and eventually doze off with my computer on top of me. $0.99Daily Total: $48.98Day Five9 a.m. — I walk over to a coffee shop and have an espresso ($3). I have a driving lesson today, and it's pouring. I was born and raised in Manhattan, so I never really cared about learning how to drive until three years ago. I got my permit and now I'm practicing for my road test. I bombed it last time because of my anxiety, so hopefully it goes well this time. My driving instructor notices my Arctic Monkeys t-shirt, and it turns out she's a fan too. We just talk about them while I drive around so I'm at ease for this lesson. $311:30 a.m. — I go to my doctor, and on top of having a cold, my iron is low. She gives me her recommendations and I leave ($30 copay). My friends text me about meeting up at a bar in Queens. Even though I feel like crap, I rarely see my friends, and now that I have the rest of the week off, I should try to take advantage of it, so I say yes. Plus, I love Queens. I go to the salon and get a blowout ($30 plus $10 tip). $706 p.m. — I cleaned my apartment, and now I'm ready. I walk over to the subway, pay $2.75 for my ride, and start my trek to Long Island City. I meet up with my coworkers and drink gin and tonics. My friend's boyfriend mentions he has some blow and offers me some, but I pass because I'm not trying to wake up my anxiety while I'm having fun. At the end of the night, my friend puts the tab on her card and I give her $55 for my drinks and fries. $57.7511 p.m. — I take the train home ($2.75). I shower and sit in bed checking my email and the news. I'm still hungry, so I have a bagel with cream cheese. Then I get back into bed and order a pair of pants from Frank And Oak that I've been wanting ($79.50). $82.25Daily Total: $213Day Six1 p.m. — I sleep in and wake up feeling rested and better. I check my email and I have to do training hours again. Every year I have to do a certain amount of training, and it's a whole day affair. All the good slots are taken, so I'm stuck taking the 7 a.m. on Monday slot. I walk over to the nail salon and get an SNS manicure ($35 plus $5 tip). This is the only manicure that actually lasts for me without chipping. (I think gel manicures are a scam.) $405:30 p.m. — I start working on my graduate school essay. I'm applying for a program I've been extensively researching for a year. All the typing makes me hungry, so I make a quesadilla. I see an ad for Sorry To Bother You on TV, and it looks interesting, so I buy a ticket to go see it on my next day off, which will be next week. If you got to the movies during a weekday before noon, tickets at this theater are $6. $6Daily Total: $46Day Seven9 a.m. — I wake up and decide to be more active today to prepare my body for work tomorrow. I like active workouts that involve dancing, but classes in NYC are ridiculously expensive. Still, I decide to splurge on a Body By Simone class just to see what the hype is about. $351 p.m. — I LOVED IT. After class I have noodle legs and limp my way into Gregory's to pick up coffee for my apartment. I try something new — the Luzmilda from Costa Rica. I have the app, so I get $5 off, plus a free iced coffee because of a deal they're having ($16). I walk home, shower, and try out my new face mask. It feels like my face is burning, so I wash it off and make a mental note to return it. I read Meet Me In the Bathroom. $169 p.m. — I finish the book!! I love reading interviews of bands that I loved listening to while in high school and still do today. Now I need to find a new book to read. I order some ramen ($12) and RVSP for a upcoming show at House Of Vans. While waiting for my food, I pack and get ready for work in six hours. I gobble my ramen and go to sleep. This wasn't a usual week for me, so I savored it, and I'm glad I did, because my next day off won't be for another week. $12Daily Total: $63Money Diaries are meant to reflect individual women's experiences and do not necessarily reflect Refinery29's point of view. Refinery29 in no way encourages illegal activity or harmful behavior.The first step to getting your financial life in order is tracking what you spend — to try on your own, check out our guide to managing your money every day. For more money diaries, click here.Have a Money Diary you'd like to share? Right now, in addition to our ongoing diaries, we're looking for potential diarists along the following themes:Your Spending In Your State: We want to run one Money Diary from a different state each week. Want to rep your state? Submit here!In addition to our regular Money Diaries, we're looking for Money Diaries from teachers! If you are a teacher (especially in Arizona, Colorado, West Virginia, Oklahoma, North Carolina, Mississippi, South Dakota, or Kentucky), we want to hear from you! Submit here.Are you a recent college graduate? We're looking for your insight! If you have graduated within the last two years we want to hear about how you’re managing finances and balancing your career expectations. Submit here for a chance to be featured in an upcoming piece on post-graduation finances.Have questions about how to submit or our publishing process? Read our Money Diaries FAQ doc here: r29.co/mdfaqs