Welcome to Money Diaries, where we're tackling what might be the last taboo facing modern working women: money. We're asking millennials how they spend their hard-earned money during a seven-day period — and we're tracking every last dollar.Today: A legal sex worker in Nevada, who recovered from an appendix surgery last year and has booked a $1 million this year. Occupation: Legal Sex WorkerIndustry: Sex WorkAge: 20sLocation: Mound House, NVSalary: It varies. I typically bring in mid-six figures. My first year, I booked $511,000, pocketing half of that as my income pre-expenses. The house takes 50% of whatever I book. My second year, I booked $712,000, and I’m on track to book $1.2 million for 2018.Monthly ExpensesRent: $1,000 Utilities: $375.34Transportation: $527.03 for my car and car insuranceFitness: $150/week to meet with a personal trainer and nutritionistPhone Bill: $205.88 monthly for two phones (one personal, one business)Health Insurance: $405  Assistant: $3,000 Housekeeping: $300  Savings: $20,000 into savings and investmentsAnnual ExpensesCar Registration: $557Day One 8 a.m. — Wake up and exercise. I try to get into the gym every other morning, and I meet with my trainer weekly to go over my fitness goals. It’s been a year since having my appendix removed, and I’m finally back to 100%! I take care of the animals and then head to work. I have my assistant taking care of the house and the animals while I am away. This year, I had to hire a full-time assistant to act as a second set of hands. She helps with my podcast, my YouTube morning show, taking photos, animal care, etc. With her help, I’ve been able to focus on creating all kinds of new media for my guests to enjoy. I put on my makeup and stop at Starbucks for breakfast on the way. $15.3610 a.m. —  I also have to fill my gas tank. $49.5011 a.m. — I meet with one of my regulars for a romantic date in Virginia City. The biggest change this year is that I'm by appointment-only now, and my minimum experiences are now $2,000, which means I don't have to pay room and board. We’ve been planning out this visit for some time, as we are also celebrating his birthday. I book the all-day experience for $18,000. The client is nice and pays for all of the day’s activities, including dinner. Last time, I treated us to a dinner cruise, so he wants to return the favor this visit. Amount earned: $9,000.Daily Total Spent: $64.86Daily Total Earned: $9,000Day Two9:30 a.m. — I sleep in, then make breakfast for myself and the animals. Rather than going to the gym, I take my two dogs Imriel and Anubis out for a walk. Being Chihuahua-mixes, they don’t require a ton of exercise, but they always enjoy a morning stroll.10:30 a.m. — After our walk, I run to the beauty store and purchase new makeup as I'm running low on a few items. I have a photo shoot being planned and want to get a set of false eyelashes for the shoot as well. $74.9012 p.m. — I have a business lunch with the photographer and my assistant to coordinate for the next shoot. This one is pretty involved and requires ordering a special costume, props, etc. I treat for lunch. $115.082 p.m. — I head into work for my appointment. I’m meeting someone new for the first time who is interested in exploring both BDSM as well as the Girlfriend Experience. I always take extra time when I’m working with a new guest who is interested in kink so we can go over boundaries and safe words. I book a multi-hour experience for $10,000. Amount earned: $5,0008 p.m. — I toss hay and grain to my horses before heading home. My two equines, Merlin and Nimue, both live at the Bunny Ranch. I got Nimue earlier this year to keep Merlin company after his pasture mate passed away. Much like people, horses get lonely too! I spend some time visiting with them and brushing them off.Daily Total: $189.98Daily Total Earned: $5,000Day Three 9 a.m. — I work out with my personal trainer, while my assistant takes care of the animals. After that, we have a quick work meeting before I go to my aesthetician appointment for a facial. $2251 p.m. — I make myself a chicken salad and eat at home before putting on my makeup and getting changed for a short-notice appointment. This person emailed me late last night, but we were still able to make our date happen!2 p.m. — I meet with the guest for the first time, and we talk about their sexuality goals. They’re interested in setting up multiple dates so they can work on their communication, bedroom skills, and kissing technique. I book a basic experience for $2,500. Amount earned: $1,250.6 p.m. — Tonight I have a meeting planned out with the Lyon County Freedom Team to review this week’s upcoming events. Unfortunately, a religious minority has put pressure on the county to criminalize legal sex work and ban our brothels. As such, we have organized as a group to create educational events for the community so they can learn the real facts around legal sex work. Because many in the county have never had an opportunity to meet a sex worker, it’s understandable that they don’t understand who we are and what we do. By traveling out to the various community centers, we hope to be able to break down those barriers and make communication happen in a way that’s much more approachable. I treat the team to dinner. $210Daily Total: $435Daily Total Earned: $1,250Day Four 6 a.m. — Wake up early, exercise at my home gym, then head to Bunny Ranch to go work with my horses. I brought my laptop with me, so I can check messages after I’m done riding and before my next appointment. This year, I’ve found that I really have to prioritize making time for the things I enjoy, and I’ve been so much happier for doing so! I check my emails and then shower in my suite, do my makeup, and get ready for my morning appointment.10 a.m. — I’m meeting with a regular guest, who I see each month. He surprises me with flowers, much to my delight! I book a basic experience for $2,500. Amount earned: $1,250.1 p.m. — I have a documentarian at the ranch this week who is covering the brothel vote and sex worker stigma. We’re working together to come up with idea for the film. I take him to lunch while we continue to brainstorm. $67.063 p.m. — We spend the remainder of the evening filming until dinner time. We’re shooting a wide range of content, everything from a personal interview on my thoughts about sex worker stigma, to getting some B-roll footage of the horses. After a long day of filming, I treat both the documentarian and my assistant for dinner. $127.0610 p.m. — I make a late night run to the grocery store to refill my pantry. I swear, I’m never at a grocery store during normal business hours! Thankfully I have a 24-hour location just down the street. $243Daily Total: $437.12Daily Total Earned: $1,250Day Five9 a.m. — I have a potential overnight to prepare for, so I spend the first half of my day sending emails and getting ready for the brothel meet-and-greet event that’s happening later this week. The goal is to talk about the upcoming vote and ensure people have correct information. Unfortunately, the opposition has been using less than savory tactics, such as taking data that applies to illegal sex work and trying to apply it to legal sex work in Nevada.12 p.m. — I stop in Reno at a sign company to have banners and signs as well as handouts made for the event ($382.26). I also have lunch ($22.74). $4052 p.m. — I start getting ready for my appointment, putting together my overnight bag, and doing my makeup and hair. I touch base with my assistant so she knows to take care of the animals this evening.5 p.m. — Book an overnight experience for $22,500. The client pays for the evening activities and for food. We have an incredible evening together! Amount earned: $11,250.Daily Total: $405Daily Total Earned: $11,250Day Six10 a.m. — It's my day off, so I don't have any bookings. I return home and make myself food. I'm exhausted, but I have to take advantage of my day off to get one of my photoshoots for the month taken care of, film my Coffee with Alice YouTube show, and have my assistant help me record my podcast.1 p.m. — I finish filming and recording and take my assistant out to a business lunch. $62.883 p.m. — I begin getting ready for my shoot with my photographer, which the documentarian will be covering. My assistant helps by getting all of the props ready to go and making sure I have the right heels to match with each outfit. Seriously, she’s an absolute lifesaver. I almost left without packing shoes!5 p.m. — Photography begins, and the shoot goes on for 2.5 hours through four costume changes. It’s tiring, but I’m thrilled with how the shoot went! We got a ton of variety, and some pretty unique content that’ll be perfect for some upcoming blog posts I have planned out. I pay the photographer. $5008 p.m. — Dinner at home, and sleep for me! I pretty much fall asleep on the couch, cuddling my two dogs while watching Netflix. I relocate to my bed around 10 p.m.Daily Total: $562.88Day Seven9 a.m. — I go to my pilates class and then have breakfast and take care of the animals at home afterward. I have a larger appointment to prepare for, so I begin getting ready around 11 a.m. so I can be at the ranch 30 minutes before I'm supposed to meet them. I always like to be there before my guest arrives, as I love nothing more than to be the first person someone sees when they come through the front door!1 p.m. — I meet with my guest, who is very excited about losing their virginity! We discuss taking photos together throughout our date, so they have a special memory of their first time to look back on fondly. Book all-day experience for $15,000. Amount earned: $7,500. (This booking brought me up to $1 million for the year.)10 p.m. — I return home, very tired, and head to bed to get some much needed rest.Daily Total: $0Daily Total Earned: $7,500Follow-Up:  During the last day of filming with the documentarian, we unfortunately received a heartbreaking phone call. Dennis Hof, owner of the Bunny Ranch, had passed away. I’m stunned, and at a complete loss for words. I send a quick text to my assistant to let her know what has happened, and ask her to make some phone calls to arrange for grief counsellors to come by the ranches. Many people don’t realize this, but the Bunny Ranch is run like a family company; so many of us were very close to Dennis and considered him to be so much more than just our boss. He was a friend, a mentor, and a role model. We all process grief differently, so I thought it pertinent to get some professionals on location right away to help everyone handle their emotions. $1,300, but the cost isn’t important in the slightest. What was important was making space for everyone to grieve, and actually process how they were feeling. That was absolutely invaluable.We’re closing in on Election Day, and have finished all of the community meet-and-greets. Now, the vote is in the hands of the Lyon County Residents. I’ve received countless letters of support, and have felt nothing but love from the community. I’m confident we’re going to win the vote, but I’m still concerned for the future of my industry. This won’t be the last time someone challenges the legal brothel system, seeking to shut it down. Moving forward, I’m investigating the formation of a Nevada Brothel Association that will work to protect the continued legalization of the industry and seek to educate the public as to the true benefits of legal sex work.Alice Little is a legal sex worker based in Nevada. Her diary has been edited and condensed for clarity. Money Diaries are meant to reflect individual women's experiences and do not necessarily reflect Refinery29's point of view. Refinery29 in no way encourages illegal activity or harmful behavior.The first step to getting your financial life in order is tracking what you spend — to try on your own, check out our guide to managing your money every day. For more money diaries, click here.We want to hear from you! What are your cheap living hacks? Maybe you bring an avocado in your purse so you don't have to pay extra to add it to your salad, or maybe you split a Netflix membership between five of your friends. We want to know your secrets! Let us know here for a chance to be featured in a story on the site.Have you been working for at least 8 years and seen your salary increase or fluctuate? If so, fill out this form for a chance to be featured on our Salary Story series!Have a Money Diary you'd like to share? Right now, in addition to our ongoing diaries, we're looking for potential diarists along the following theme:Your Spending In Your State: We want to run one Money Diary from a different state each week. Want to rep your state? Submit here! In particular, we're looking for diaries from Hawaii, Kansas, Maine, New Mexico, North Dakota, Rhode Island, and Mississippi.Have questions about how to submit or our publishing process? Read our Money Diaries FAQ doc here: r29.co/mdfaqs