Welcome to Money Diaries, where we're tackling what might be the last taboo facing modern working women: money. We're asking millennial women how they spend their hard-earned money during a seven-day period — and we're tracking every last dollar. (Thanks, New York mag, for the inspiration.) Today, an academic assistant saving for grad school and judging freshmen at her alma mater. Occupation: Academic library assistant and impending graduate studentIndustry: Higher EducationAge: 22Location: PhiladelphiaSalary: $28,000Paycheck Amount (2x a month): $1,072.80 before taxes# of roommates: Two (my father and stepmother)Monthly ExpensesRent: $50 (paid to my father)Transportation: $100Phone Bill: $105 ( saved 17% by using university discount)Utilities: None (perks of living at home)Savings: It varies. For the past few months I’ve been aiming to put $200 into an emergency account and $200 into a separate account to cover impending graduate school expenses. I’ll be moving to NYC in the summer. Groceries: $100 (aiming for $25 a week)Credit Cards: Also varies. This particular month I spend $130 on credit card payments. I currently have about $2,000 in credit card debt.Day One9 a.m. — I grab a blueberry yogurt parfait and banana, takeaways from my grad school visit at Parsons and a random bodega in Harlem. 75-cent cups of bodega coffee and 50-cent bananas will probably be my new habit when I move to NYC.

12 p.m. — Leftovers. Went to Sylvia’s in Harlem last weekend, and the microwaved fried chicken and mac and cheese is still good two days later.

2 p.m. — I buy some bus tokens for the week instead of a pass; maybe the six dollars I save will bump up my sad checking account ($18). I run to Five Below to pick up some supplies for my at-home mani-pedi for my alma mater’s Spring Formal, so I can save 30 bucks. I leave the store with nail polish remover, nail buffer, a few Wet n’ Wild nail colors, and other beauty bits ($13). Total: $313 p.m. — Afternoon slump. I eat a snack, which consists of a fruit-and-cheese tray and an unfiltered Ginger Ale that I nabbed from the graduate school visit. Free snacks are, in fact, the best snacks.

6 p.m. — Convinced myself that I was going to walk 20 blocks in order to save a bus token. Lies. I spend a token to go visit my sick aunt, with my mother. Burger King is on the menu for dinner; don’t judge me. Mom pays.Daily Total: $31
Day Two9 a.m. — I vote no to getting out of bed today. I take a sick day. Spent the night at my mother’s house. I get in touch with my inner child and have Fruit Loops for breakfast.

12 p.m. — Nap time. It's okay to eat breakfast and then sleep for another three hours right?

1 p.m. — My mother’s refrigerator is a wasteland. I manage to find wheat bread, spinach, and classic Kraft (faux) cheese slices. I make a grilled cheese sandwich and a cup of weak coffee. 

3 p.m. — I watch Take the Lead with my brother. It makes me nostalgic for 2006 all over again. I used to be obsessed with dance movies.

5 p.m. — Who’s a good daughter? I decided to make dinner so my mother doesn’t have to. I marinate some sirloin she left out and sauté it with some veggies and whip up my recipe for corn muffins à la box o’ Jiffy. 

8 p.m. — Sleepytime tea and my own bed.Daily Total: $0Day Three9 a.m. — I wake up late, as usual. I have a Nature Valley Bar (the extra-crumbly one) and Perrier for breakfast.

12 p.m. — Hump day. I eat the PB & J on wheat that my mom made for my lunch two days ago. Yes. she made me a PB & J. I am not ashamed.

1 p.m. — It’s the hour when I fly away from my desk (with the beautiful view of old drop ceilings and plaster columns) to go get some downtown air. 

2 p.m. — I stop by the local farmer’s market, I repeat to myself silently that I do not need to spend 15 bucks on an organic chicken-salad sandwich and fresh-squeezed juice. I’ve been considering the idea of going vegetarian or pescatarian at least. I find a “Plant-Based on a Budget Challenge” that gives weekly plant-based meal plans with a spending budget of $25. I’m going to try and follow the plan, with only a $15 budget for groceries. I stop at the farmer’s market booth, because produce here is cheaper than at Trader Joe’s, where I normally grocery-shop. My budget is tighter this week, but I manage to pick up fresh chicken sausage for my father, two Fuji apples, sweet potatoes, kale, romaine lettuce, walnuts, dried cranberries, and lemons. $25 ( $10 for the sausage, for which my father pays me back)

3:15 p.m. — Before leaving, I stop by my favorite craft booth, which has handmade jewelry and African-print fabrics. Yards of fabric run about five bucks a yard. I pick up two yards of a navy-blue-and-ochre-striped fabric for my latest headwrap obsession. $105 p.m. — I blow the dust off a can of chicken I bought two months ago. There’s a sad-looking tomato hiding behind moldy bread in the fridge. There’s some wheat flatbread that looks edible. Chicken salad for dinner and lunch tomorrow.

8 p.m. — My father now goes to the gym every day, bless his heart. I go with him on Wednesday nights.

9 p.m. — I hate the gym. I eat Wendy’s chicken nuggets and a side salad, post-workout, courtesy of my father.

Daily Total: $35
Day Four9 a.m. — Late, again. I throw some Multigrain Cheerios in a sandwich bag, I keep almond milk at work.

11 a.m. — My stomach betrays me. I eat my last Nature Valley Bar and a banana I had been saving for the afternoon.

1 p.m. — Leftover chicken salad sandwich for lunch, and water to drown out the disappointment over the fact that I’d rather be eating sushi, but I can’t because I need money to attend the spring formal.

2 p.m. — Last-minute makeup purchases for tomorrow’s face. KISS brand lashes, a 12-color matte eyeshadow palette, and the most glorious brownish-red liquid lipstick. They're all from a random beauty supply store in downtown Philadelphia. $125 p.m. — Canadian bacon and eggs over-easy for dinner. Still need to get more groceries for the vegetarian challenge.

7 p.m. — My dad guilts me into going to the gym. No Wendy’s this time. 

8 p.m. — Microwaved banana-bread English muffin and Sleepytime tea.

Daily Total: $12
Day Five10 a.m. — Vacation day! I can actually get up and cook breakfast. I make Canadian bacon, eggs, and toast. I drink leftover raspberry iced tea. We're out of coffee (thanks, Dad).

12 p.m. — Catch up on The Mindy Project and Grey’s Anatomy.

3 p.m. — I eat Cheerios and half a banana and prep for the spring formal. I feel like an old lady; I have one friend left in undergrad.

4 p.m. — Hair done, nails done, everything did. Yes, I am fancy.

5:30 p.m. — One false-lash strip is not cooperating with the other one.

7 p.m. — I’m back on my old campus. Memories? I pay my friend back for the ticket, and the pre-gaming begins. My liver. $40

9 p.m. — So, these are today’s 18-year-olds. I give disapproving looks at underclassmen while I sip my Tequila Sunrise. $6

10 p.m. — My friend buys me a beer, and then it’s the dance floor for the rest of the night.

12:30 a.m. — The rubbery chicken and cold pasta at formal has disappeared. Then I remember the joys of college via late-night deliveries. I order a cheesesteak for me and a burger for my friend. $17.70
Daily Total: $63.70


Day 611 a.m. — The best part of waking up? Eating free dining-hall food. I have bacon, an omelet, Danishes, and tater tots.

12 p.m. — I remember why dining hall food is never a good idea. 

4 p.m. — I wake up from my four-hour nap, and I’m starving. I get ready to head back home, and I make my friend walk to McDonald’s with me. I have no other choice. I have sugar-free iced coffee, nuggets, and fries. $4

4:30 p.m. — The thirst is very real; I head to CVS to pick up a liter of water. $1.69

6 p.m. — I turn down a friend’s invite to karaoke because, as much as I want to belt out showtunes, I need to save money.

7 p.m. — I eat fried fish and salad at my grandparents’ house for dinner.

Daily Total: $5.69
Day 71 p.m. —  I sleep in until the afternoon and then get ready for work. I don’t normally work on Sundays, but I’ve been picking up additional weekend shifts in order to put more money away for grad school.

3 p.m. — I'm working from 3 p.m. until 10 p.m. today, and I didn’t have time to grab food, so it’s a granola bar and orange juice for a late lunch.

5 p.m. — I don’t get a dinner break today, so I just pick up a six-inch tuna sub, unsweetened iced tea, and baked chips from Subway with the 10 bucks my grandparents gave me the other day. Gotta love grandparents. $6

10 p.m. — I will never work on Sundays again. I consider going to a late-night happy hour alone, but a friend intercepts. I pick up pizza and cheese fries to go with the beer she has in her fridge. $8
Daily Total: $14Money Diaries are meant to reflect individual women’s experiences and do not necessarily reflect Refinery29’s point of view. Refinery29 in no way encourages illegal activity or harmful behavior. The first step to getting your financial life in order is tracking what you spend — to try on your own, check out our guide to managing your money every day. For more money diaries, clickhere.Have a money diary you'd like to share? Send it to us at https://you.refinery29.com/submit-money-diary.