Welcome to Money Diaries, where we're tackling what might be the last taboo facing modern working women: money. We're asking millennials how they spend their hard-earned money during a seven-day period — and we're tracking every last dollar. (Thanks, New York mag, for the inspiThis week, a production assistant working in film and TV who makes $34,000 per year and expenses lunches and transportation.Occupation: Production Assistant Industry: Film/TVAge: 24Location: Brooklyn, NYSalary: $34,000Paycheck Amount (4x month): $554.92Gender Identity: FemaleMonthly ExpensesMonthly Housing Costs: $985Monthly Loan Payments: $0Netflix: $10.81Hulu: $7.99Zipcar: $7.62Credit Cards: Roughly $500 spread over a few cardsMetroCard: $124 in weekly passes, reimbursed through workDay One10:30 a.m. — I wake up a little later since it's Saturday. Thankful I no longer have to work on Saturdays, though I do miss the overtime pay. I go to my favorite bagel shop to grab a sesame bagel with plain cream cheese. Then I head to the coffee shop down the block to grab a large coffee. Their coffee is better and still pretty cheap. I head back to my apartment to eat my bagel while catching up on my shows. Currently it's been This is Us and Nashville. It's my new favorite Saturday morning tradition. $52:30 p.m. — I use my weekly MetroCard to head to Soho to meet up with a friend. We decided earlier in the week to hit up this new cookie dough place.3 p.m. — My friend is running late, so I stop into Sephora. I need more foundation and my mascara has been clumping lately. My favorite brand, Bare Minerals, is pretty reasonable in cost and I only have to replenish every few months. $49.193:20 p.m. — I grab a water and go join my friend in line. We were both surprised that it covered a whole city block. We stand in line for an hour then decide it's not worth it, since we have Drybar appointments that we can't miss. $24:30 p.m. — We start walking towards Union Square for our hair appointments. We pop into The Strand for a bit. I don't find anything I need to have, but she buys a book for her grandfather's birthday later this month.5:30 p.m. — I spot a Hummus & Pita Co. and we go in to grab dinner. We're both hungry, and need a good meal before tonight's shenanigans. $10.816:30 p.m. — Drybar time! I've never been, but my friend has, and she loves it. We sip on our free champagne while waiting. It turns out amazing and was worth the $45. I tip $10 because of the amount of hair I have. I can make a blowout last a week, so it's well worth the money. $558:00 p.m. — We take the subway to my friend's place to get ready for tonight.9:00 p.m. — We head back downtown on the subway. The project I was working for has rented out a bar in the Meatpacking District to throw a wrap party tonight, since we are done filming. Thankfully, it's an open bar, or else I would only be able to afford a drink or two. We all drink a little too much but have a good time.2:30 a.m. — I clearly need to Uber home, but even drunk me balked at the $30 Uber price. I decide to save the money and UberPool home. It takes forever but my wallet is happy. $12.19Daily Total: $134.19Day Two11:30 a.m. — I already made plans for Sunday brunch forever ago, so hungover me has to get out of bed. I head to Flatiron on the subway.3 p.m. — Boozy brunch is the best (but expensive). We go to a tapas place with amazing food and unlimited sangria or mimosas for $39. It's one of those family-style places where all the dishes are shareable. The best part is the churros at the end. $503:30 p.m. — I hop on the train back to Brooklyn. I decide to get off one stop sooner and pop into Target.4:30 p.m. — I've been meaning to pick up some nails and Command strips to decorate my apartment more. I pick up those and a lampshade to try to make my Ikea lamp look a little less like an Ikea lamp. $42.555 p.m. — My plan was to hang up my pictures but instead I start watching The Mindy Project on Hulu and doze off. Brunch makes sleepy. Not even Mindy Kaling can keep me awake.Daily Total: $92.55Day Three7:45 a.m. — Boo Mondays. I tend to wake up at the last possible second in order to get to work semi-on time. (9:05 a.m. is so the same as 9:00 a.m. in my opinion.)9:05 a.m. — I'm already a little late to work, so I don't stop and get a coffee. Instead, I drink the free coffee they provide and grab a bagel from the office kitchen. One of the best perks of this job has to be the free breakfast.12 p.m. — It's typical for a production to pay for your lunches up to a certain amount. We get $14 per lunch, which is pretty standard for our industry. Our department decides on Sweetgreen, and I go pick it up. On the way there one of my coworkers asks for me to pick her up a coconut water and a water since she's been battling food poisoning. I'm glad to do it since I can turn the receipt into production later and get reimbursed.6 p.m. — I still have a few hours till I can get out of here. I decide to go up to the kitchen to see what snacks production has stocked the pantry with. They don't have much to choose from, so I settle on a granola bar.8:30 p.m. — Finally time to leave. I swear I love my job, but 12 hour days are so tiring. I take the train back home and I pass out without eating dinner. (Typical me.)Daily Total: $0Day Four8:15 a.m. — It's time to refill my weekly Metrocard. I use my Discover card since it's 5% cash back this month on ground transportation. Usually I try to pay cash on my work expenses, but I can't say no to 5% cash back. I'll turn the receipt in at the end of the week to get reimbursed.8:50 a.m. — I have time for Starbucks this morning so I go for it. My drink order is always the same: grande Americano with a pump of vanilla. I started drinking Americanos when I saw how much cheaper they are than lattes. $3.769:05 a.m. — I walk into work at my usual time. I eat a free yogurt and granola from the work fridge for breakfast.12:00 p.m. — Lunch time! We choose Dig Inn today and I'm happy cause they deliver! Work pays again and we all stay under the $14 limit, so no overages. I choose the roasted chicken, farro, grilled apples, and mac and cheese.7:30 p.m. — The designer tells us to leave early today. I take it. I bolt out of the office and take the train back to Brooklyn.8.15 p.m. — I decide to order in since I'm back from work at a reasonable time. I have a bad habit of just eating take out but I just never have the energy to cook. I order chicken Pad Thai and spring rolls. I eat the spring rolls and decide to save half of my pad thai for tomorrow's dinner. $17.849:30 p.m. — I watch more of The Mindy Project on Hulu till I fall asleep.Daily Total: $21.61Day Five8:15 a.m. — Out of the house at the usual time.9:05 a.m. — Grab some free coffee from work and a bagel. I really don't like the coffee, but free is better than nothing.12 p.m. — I work on a film and we are done shooting, which means more of our department is in the office. The majority of the crew wants sushi, so I put it on my personal Seamless account and will calculate the overages later. It's $160 total, and I will turn the receipt in at the end of the week with all my other work related purchases.3 p.m. — A couple of us are still hungry, so we decide to split a burger and fries from Bareburger. It's another $17, but luckily, work will cover this too. We gossip about Saturday night's shenanigans as we eat and then I go back to work before my boss gets back to the office.8:00 p.m. — Now that the movie is done shooting we get to leave earlier! I hop on the train back to Brooklyn.8:45 p.m. — I eat my leftover Thai while watching The Mindy Project. This has quickly become my new favorite show, I can't believe I have never seen it before. Thank god for Hulu.Daily Total: $0Day Six8:15 a.m. — Off to work again, I take the train as usual.8:50 a.m. — I have time for Starbucks again! I try not to buy coffee everyday since it can quickly add up. I get my usual. $3.7612 p.m. — Lunch time! We decide on Sweetgreen again since it's cheap. I decide to try something different and I get a harvest bowl. My coworker puts it on her account, so I don't have to pay. She's happy since she is almost to black status at Sweetgreen.2:30 p.m. — I catch a cab to UPS to drop a package off for work. I technically could walk, but I know work will pay for it so I cab there.3:00 p.m. — I also have to drop off a check to one of our venders while I'm out. I decide to train there since the traffic is really bad right now.3:30 p.m. — I decide to walk from Chinatown to back to our TriBeCa office. It's a nice day out and I could use the fresh air. I walk by a cute coffee shop and I decide I have to go in. I get a small coffee and and little chocolate chip banana bread treat. More money than I wanted to spend, but I needed something sweet. I forget to get a receipt, so I pay for it out of my own pocket. $68 p.m. — Off work earlier than my usual 9 p.m.! Instead of going to the grocery store, which I really need to do, I go straight home and eat some popcorn that I had leftover from last week. I watch a few episodes of The Mindy Project then pass out.Daily Total: $9.76Day Seven8:20 a.m. — I leave my apartment a little later than I should, so I know there will be no time for coffee this morning.9:05 a.m. — I barely make it to work on time but luckily my direct boss isn't in yet. I go to the kitchen to grab a yogurt and granola and decide to skip the coffee.9:20 a.m. — I noticed that my boss walked in without her coffee, so I use that as an excuse for a coffee run. I ask another coworker if she wants any, too. Two medium coffees and a large red eye (mine) comes out to $9.25. I treat, though it is more than I wanted to spend. But it's TriBeCa and at least the coffee is amazing. $9.2512 p.m. — We decide to try a new place today for lunch, 'Wichcraft! I haven't had it in ages, and it's delicious. I got a grilled cheese and tomato soup. Definitely going on our list of favorite lunch places. No overages, and my coworker put it on her credit card.3 p.m. — I have to go return some expensive jewelry to Mahnaz showroom now that we are done filming. Since it's worth a ton [of money] I Uber there. It's $26.50 and I put it on my personal account, but I get reimbursed at the end of the week.4 p.m. — I walk up a few blocks from Mahnaz to Loro Piana. I have to pick up a few tops that one of the actresses requested. I Uber back downtown to the office. The total is $30.25. I again put it on my personal account, but I'll get reimbursed.7:30 p.m. — The designer tells us to go home early again. I drive our department vehicle back to Brooklyn so I can run a few errands this weekend. Production pays for the gas, but I'll probably top it off at some point over the weekend.8:15 p.m. — I drive right by a drive-through McDonald's on the way home. I have no willpower and I stop to get a large fries and Dr. Pepper. $5.208:30 p.m. — Parking is super easy near my apartment, so I find a spot quickly. After last weekends money-spending activities I'm glad to have a quiet Friday night in watching The Mindy Project.Daily Total: $14.45Money Diaries are meant to reflect individual women's experiences and do not necessarily reflect Refinery29's point of view. Refinery29 in no way encourages illegal activity or harmful behavior.The first step to getting your financial life in order is tracking what you spend — to try on your own, check out our guide to managing your money every day. For more money diaries, click here.Have a money diary you'd like to share? Send it to us at https://you.refinery29.com/submit-money-diary.